What is the title of the highest rated series?
What is the release year of the series "The Sopranos"?
What is the runtime of the series "Breaking Bad"?
What is the genre of the series "Game of Thrones"?
What is the cast of the series "Stranger Things"?
What is the synopsis of the series "Westworld"?
What are the top 3 rated series in the genre of comedy?
What is the highest rated series released in the year 2010?
What is the average runtime of all the series in the genre of drama?
Who are the main cast members of the series "Friends"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Office"?
Which series has the longest runtime?
What is the lowest rated series in the genre of action?
What are the main cast members of the series "The Crown"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Handmaid's Tale"?
What is the release year of the series "The Wire"?
What is the genre of the series "Sherlock"?
What is the rating of the series "The Big Bang Theory"?
What is the cast of the series "House of Cards"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"?
What are the top 3 series in the genre of crime?
What is the highest rated series released in the year 2000?
What is the average runtime of all the series in the genre of fantasy?
Who are the main cast members of the series "The Blacklist"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Mentalist"?
Which series has the shortest runtime?
What is the lowest rated series in the genre of thriller?
What are the main cast members of the series "How to Get Away with Murder"?
What is the synopsis of the series "Breaking Bad"?
What is the release year of the series "The X-Files"?
What is the genre of the series "Lost"?
What is the rating of the series "The Leftovers"?
What is the cast of the series "The Good Place"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Witcher"?
What are the top 3 series in the genre of horror?
What is the highest rated series released in the year 1990?
What is the average runtime of all the series in the genre of romance?
Who are the main cast members of the series "The Office"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Walking Dead"?
Which series has the most number of episodes?
What is the lowest rated series in the genre of adventure?
What are the main cast members of the series "The Boys"?
What is the synopsis of the series "The Queen's Gambit"?
What is the release year of the series "The Crown"?
What is the genre of the series "The Blacklist"?
What is the rating of the series